
When you lose your way in the darkness, you realize how precious even the smallest 
light can be.
When you find yourself trapped in darkness, feeling like you can't escape. it is that 
tiny bit of courage that lifts you up and keeps you going. 
But when you're struggling, even that small courage or light can be hard to grasp.
Within our hearts, there may be a small spark that we can nurture and grow, but
sometimes we fail to keep it alive, and it fades away.
When we lose the strength to love ourselves, everything becomes hopeless. 
Everyone faces such tough situations at least once in their life.
Although it is a temporary phase, it feels like the earth is crushing you under its
weight, causing immense pain and darkness.
Just turning your head slightly could give you some relief, but in those moments, 
you fail deeper into despair without that small flexibility.
Recoginzing the signs of slipping into darkess early on and alleviating the pain is crucial.
If neglected, it becomes hard to escape from the cliff you're falling off.
When you lose even the courage to stand up, it feels utterly hopless.
But once you endure that moment, life goes on smoothly again, as if you thought that 
place was the end of the universe.
When things get too tough, you lose the courage to seek help from those around you
When you can't even muster the strength to reach out for help.
you crumble. What shoud we do at such times?
When no one seems to be around or they feel distant like fog, even if you call out, they 
cannot hear you. There is no choice but to take care of yourself.
You must part yourself on the shoulder and lift yourself up.
Let's not push ourselves to deeply into despair. Compromise a bit and live.
When a bit sad, comfort yourself; when a bit tired, lift yourself up; when a bit exhausted, 
give yourself courage.
The body and mind are one if the body lies down, the mind lies down.
If the mind is sad the body loses its vitality.
Living a daily life seeking joy is the way to stay alive.
Even if you have to force it, create small joys, and they will accumulate, leading you to  
happiness. You are worth living a happy life.









